[DJM Databricks page] Note on admin permission required for managed install (#28408)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/databricks.md

1. Click **Generate new token**, enter "Datadog Integration" in the **Comment** field, remove the default value in **Lifetime (days)**, and click **Generate**. Take note of your token.

   **Important:**
   * Make sure you <strong>increase</strong> the **Lifetime (days)** value so that the token doesn't expire and the integration doesn't break.
   * For the [Managed installation](?tab=manuallyinstallaglobalinitscript#install-the-datadog-agent) option, ensure the user generating the token has <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions.
   * For manual installation, ensure the user has [CAN VIEW access][9] for the Databricks jobs and clusters you want to monitor.

>    As an alternative, follow the [official Databricks documentation][10] to generate access token for a [service principal][11]. The service principle must the [<strong>Workspace access</strong> entitlement][17] and the <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> or [CAN VIEW access][9] permissions as described, above.

Reviewer: Ooops – Typo

```suggestion
   As an alternative, follow the [official Databricks documentation][10] to generate access token for a [service principal][11]. The service principle must have the [<strong>Workspace access</strong> entitlement][17] enabled and the <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> or [CAN VIEW access][9] permissions as described, above.
```

Author: + another one on `service principle` let me commit the two

1. Click **Generate new token**, enter "Datadog Integration" in the **Comment** field, remove the default value in **Lifetime (days)**, and click **Generate**. Take note of your token.

   **Important:**
   * Make sure you <strong>increase</strong> the **Lifetime (days)** value so that the token doesn't expire and the integration doesn't break.
   * For the [Managed installation](?tab=datadogmanagedglobalinitscriptrecommended#install-the-datadog-agent) option, ensure the user generating the token has <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions.
   * For manual installation, ensure the user has [CAN VIEW access][9] for the Databricks jobs and clusters you want to monitor.

>    As an alternative, follow the [official Databricks documentation][10] to generate access token for a [service principal][11]. The service principal must have the [<strong>Workspace access</strong> entitlement][17] enabled and the <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> or [CAN VIEW access][9] permissions as described, above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   As an alternative, follow the [official Databricks documentation][10] to generate an access token for a [service principal][11]. The service principal must have the [<strong>Workspace access</strong> entitlement][17] enabled and the <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> or [CAN VIEW access][9] permissions as described above.
```

   **Important:**
   * Make sure you delete the default value in **Lifetime (days)** so that the token doesn't expire and the integration doesn't break.
   * For the [Managed installation] (?tab=manuallyinstallaglobalinitscript#install-the-datadog-agent) option, ensure the user generating the token has <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions. For manual installation, ensure the user has [CAN VIEW access][9] for the Databricks jobs and clusters you want to monitor.

>    As an alternative, follow the [official Databricks documentation][10] to generate access token for a [service principal][11].

Reviewer: The docs I wanted to add are related to recent support for clarification on service principle entitlements. 

```suggestion
   As an alternative, follow the [official Databricks documentation][10] to generate access token for a [service principal][11]. The service principle must the [<strong>Workspace access</strong> entitlement][17] and the <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> or [CAN VIEW access][9] permissions as described, above.
```

```md
17. https://docs.databricks.com/aws/en/security/auth/entitlements#entitlements-overview
```

Author: Np, added it here ! And thanks a bunch for the great review with ootb suggestions 🙏

Datadog can install and manage a global init script in the Databricks workspace. The Datadog Agent is installed on all clusters in the workspace, when they start.

<div class="alert alert-warning">
<ul>
<li>This setup does not work on Databricks clusters in <strong>Standard</strong> (formerly <strong>Shared</strong>) access mode, because global init scripts cannot be installed on those clusters. If you are using clusters with the <strong>Standard</strong> (formerly <strong>Shared</strong>) access mode, you must follow the <a href="?tab=manuallyinstallonaspecificcluster#install-the-datadog-agent">Manually install on a specific cluster</a> instructions for installation on those specific clusters.</li>

> <li>The Datadog managed global init script option requires a Databricks Access Token with <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions to install and manage the global init script.</li>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<li>This install option where Datadog installs & manages your Datadog global init script install requires a Databricks Access Token with <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions.</li>
```

> <li>This install option where Datadog installs & manages your Datadog global init script requires a Databricks Access Token with <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions. A Token with CAN VIEW access does not allow Datadog to manage the global init script of your Databricks account.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<li>This install option where Datadog installs and manages your Datadog global init script requires a Databricks Access Token with <strong>Workspace Admin</strong> permissions. A Token with CAN VIEW access does not allow Datadog to manage the global init script of your Databricks account.</li>
```
